README.md, before:

# Kaleidoscope

Kaleidoscope allows you to model and analyse option spread prices and greeks from historical options data. Use the built-in methods to price various options spreads or construct your own composite option spreads and plot the changes in price and greeks as time passes.

The following strategies are currently supported:
* Single Calls/Puts
* Vertical Spreads
* Iron Condors (Iron Butterflies)
* Covered Stock

Planned Support:
* Combos (Synthetics/Collars)
* Diagonal Spreads
* Calendar Spreads
* Custom Spreads
* Strangles
* Straddles

## Installation

### Quick start

To set up a development environment quickly, first install Python 3. It
comes with virtualenv built-in. So create a virtual env by:

    1. `$ python3 -m venv kaleidoscope`
    2. `$ . kaleidoscope/bin/activate`

Install all dependencies:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

### Detailed instructions

Take a look at the docs for more information.

[0]: https://www.python.org/

## License Terms


Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Chu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Initial implementation of backtesting module

README.md, after:

# Kaleidoscope

Kaleidoscope allows you to model and analyse option spread prices and greeks from historical options data. Use the built-in methods to construct various options spreads or create your own composite option spreads and plot the historical payoff charts.
A built-in backtester allows for backtesting of the supported options spreads based on complex entry / exit / adjustment criteria.

The following strategies are currently supported:
* Single Calls/Puts
* Vertical Spreads
* Iron Condors (Iron Butterflies)
* Covered Stock

Planned Support:
* Combos (Synthetics/Collars)
* Diagonal Spreads
* Calendar Spreads
* Custom Spreads
* Strangles
* Straddles

## Installation

### Quick start

To set up a development environment quickly, first install Python 3. It
comes with virtualenv built-in. So create a virtual env by:

    1. `$ python3 -m venv kaleidoscope`
    2. `$ . kaleidoscope/bin/activate`

Install all dependencies:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

### Detailed instructions

Take a look at the docs for more information.

[0]: https://www.python.org/

## License Terms


Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Chu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
